Uncle Chen
How did you get here?
Xiaoman, you are here.
Go somewhere else I'm afraid of being
Afraid of being seen by others
You ended up like your father
Uncle Chen, what do you mean?
So many years have passed
I thought he would let you Jiang family go
I didn't expect to become your father to avoid disaster and commit suicide
Beibi suicide
What the hell is going on?
That's him!
Su Boqing, Chairperson of Quality Group
What!
Su Boqing
He used you and your mother to threaten your father
Take the blame for him
Your dad had to agree to him
Dad, this is Su Guoqin
Is my teacher
If I hadn't started my business with his help
I wouldn't have accomplished anything else.
Why is that?
Why him?
Ah!
What am I supposed to do?
It seems
You already know everything
When did you know?
You don't have to look at me like that
I just found out about the situation.
But
You don't want to make it public.
I also tell you
I will definitely repay my father's innocence
How to pay
Immortal Aunt, let alone this matter has passed for a long time
Can you still find evidence?
You don't want to think about Zhou Huaijin
He finally got to where he is today
You want him to lose everything
Did you know that 7 years ago with Zhou Huaijin's talent
Why is no one willing to invest in him?
It's because of your dad